hello catalytic and be welcome to a
new video to the brain and trick of the
1.11 as a hostage with naturalization
fire we need money to buy
our new cars are worth I think that
it's a pretty simple trick
too easy for you and good what
we'll have to do in the typical
triangle and accelerate ok and I'm that
cause the shot is too easy or
that with deco without trick is easy I already
I have caught the trick call the
First, it's good and well,
we would have to do is take us out
car and we will place it
to see we have to place the ones that you can
go on the street valdés but there was in the
red sidewalk then on the red line as the
border and it's okay because if we put it
beyond then when we knew with
our bicycle disappears is worth it
that we are going to place here I hope that
you understand, I'm always saying
many are worth, they are worth good, they have
to have three bicycle bicycles
all the bicycles that to do the
trick then there are logical and six already
Turkish times buy after two
bikes ok because that trick the good
is that he goes too much
followed ballet we are not going to take the
figures and good let's go out with it ok
and good but good this is that no
we need a car bought is served
in any version in this one was
doing with the one of the 1.8 this car of
version 1.8 you give it works with
any type of car that thanks you
they will give less, sometimes it will be more
it varies a lot yes and relatively if
you do with a newly purchased car
bought then win much greater than the
contest and then explain a little bit
meanwhile we got to look okay
which looks after we sell
our car will ask you, I hope
so that the bicycle
the cyclist what we do is save
our money backwards as they are
many are worth 3 thousand 800 dollars worth
It's good and what we save that
let's call the mechanic who is
we do not have to wait for ourselves
absolutely nothing ok or is it just
we go through our life there was no good
wait, I'll explain a little
when we get to our garage the
bicycle will be left out there ok no
let's go to simple stones is for nothing
and cycled is no longer useful now
what we have to do is enter
walking ok let's go before him walking
let's do the bicycle and we're going to
walk in and I saw how it is there
another arrived and we want to see do the
trick we can do it again followed
show no touching masters triangle
radio again I do this the process
we leave the capo there we enter through another
bicycle ok that Ivan and as I said
this varies a lot and well I think that
is the trick that still works the version
1.11 and freedom is very good and for
please leave your law let's place a
challenge in this video we go for the challenge
from 30 like ok if this video reaches
process it and immediately upload another
video inside trick that we are also going to
give 700 thousand dollars of knoll
wait for 3 minutes but and good people
Well, I think we have reached the end of
video and I hope you liked it in
an upcoming audio video